This folder contains the codes used in writing the damage model paper.

It contains both new and old codes. The reason for including both is beause of the saved initialized parameters in the code. 

The graduate student i was working with was Ihina. I was working separately on a damage model. The use of Ihina was to distinguish between the two.

The publication is available in:



The files here are:
1. Damaged Model.xlsx :-
This contains all the necessary data needed to construct the d(H,T) and c(H,T) plot. This was obtained by runinning Ihina#-Vol Fraction vs Damage.nb. 

2. Ihina2-Vol Fraction vs Damage.nb, Ihina3-Vol Fraction vs Damage.nb, Revist Fischer's paper.nb :-
This code takes data from Fischer's paer, and uses it to fit parameters in our damage model. We fit Fig. 6 and 9 from Fischer's paper here.

3.Revisit-CandDvsHandT.nb
This is the file that is used to construct the result for our Damage model paper.

4. Selva-VolFractionVsDamage.nb :-
This code is fitting our damage model to data that prof. selva has. 
This is not available information publically. This was privately shared. But the data is authentic and can be trusted.
We used this to determine that n, which is a universal constant dependeing on the source and not the material, is the selected value in our paper.

5. StokesFlow-SphericalInclusion.nb :-
This is code to verify the solution of Stokes Flow over spherical inclusion in an infinte medium. 
We also used this to test the model of critical current in a superconductor if the inlcusion is sphereical.
IT turned out that this model didnt give us any useful result. The problem was with picking infinite domain. The effect of the inclusion vanished.

6. StokesFlow-SpheroidalInclusion.nb :-
This is the same as the above, but with a spheroidal inclusion.

7. c and d values by fixing n from Selva's 2 -> used to draw the final c(H,T) and d(H,T) model.

8. phi vs T & fl vs H and T :-
This file, after running is 118 MB, so i had to delete all the output and/or compress it to get it below 25MB.
